Welcome to the "sps-open" mailing list
Welcome to the sps-open@lists.hcs.harvard.edu mailing list! Welcome to
sps-open, the counterpart to sps-list.  We automatically subscribe
members of sps-list to sps-open.  You are completely free to
unsubscribe if you so desire.  However, we highly encourage you to
take full advantage of the membership.

Since sps-list is a moderated list, we restrict emails to official
messages about SPS and physics department events and announcements. On
the other hand, sps-open is a forum for open communication.  All
publicity of research and internship opportunities as well as
interesting and related events in the area should be directed to the
open.  The open is also useful for discussion on interesting articles,
stories, problems, and classes (because the open is entirely populated
by students and not faculty). We hope to keep sps-open unmoderated for
members, so please exercise moderation when posting.

To post to this list, send your email to:

  sps-open@lists.hcs.harvard.edu

General information about the mailing list is at:

  https://lists.hcs.harvard.edu/mailman/listinfo/sps-open

If you ever want to unsubscribe or change your options (eg, switch to
or from digest mode, change your password, etc.), visit your
subscription page at:

  https://lists.hcs.harvard.edu/mailman/options/sps-open/harvardfoodfinder%40gmail.com


You can also make such adjustments via email by sending a message to:

  sps-open-request@lists.hcs.harvard.edu

with the word `help' in the subject or body (don't include the
quotes), and you will get back a message with instructions.

You must know your password to change your options (including changing
the password, itself) or to unsubscribe.  It is:

  canadayf34

Normally, Mailman will remind you of your lists.hcs.harvard.edu
mailing list passwords once every month, although you can disable this
if you prefer.  This reminder will also include instructions on how to
unsubscribe or change your account options.  There is also a button on
your options page that will email your current password to you.
